[Develop, test, and publish Azure Functions by using Azure Functions Core Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/develop-test-deploy-azure-functions-with-core-tools/) (~20 mins)

Use the Azure Functions Core Tools to create and run functions on a development computer and publish them to Azure.

By the end of this module, you will be able to use the Azure Functions Core Tools to:

- Create new functions projects and functions
- Run and test functions locally
- Publish functions to Azure

Prerequisites:

- Beginner-level Azure Functions development experience
- Familiarity with basic command line usage

# Notes and key takeaways

## Introduction

The Azure Functions Core Tools are command-line utilities that enable you to develop and run functions locally and publish them to Azure.

Suppose you're a developer for a car dealership chain. The sales people are always looking for ways to modernize their workflow. Your manager has decided to build a set of applications backed by Azure Functions. The first service he'd like built involves loan interest calculations. He's asked you to look into creating functions that can be called over the web to run loan interest calculations. You've decided to start by learning how to use the Azure Functions Core Tools to build and publish a function.

In this module, you'll use the Azure Functions Core Tools from the command line to create a new local functions project and function. You'll modify the starter code generated by the Core Tools to run a simple interest calculation and run the function locally to test it. When it's ready, you'll use the Azure CLI to create a function app in Azure, publish your function, then invoke it over the web.

By the end of this module, you'll be able to use the Core Tools from the command line to create and run functions locally and publish them to Azure.

This module's exercise can be completed in the browser, and doesn't require an Azure subscription or local development environment.

## Create and run Azure Functions locally by using the Core Tools

## Exercise - Create a function locally by using the Core Tools

## Publish a function to Azure by using the Core Tools

## Exercise - Publish a function to Azure by using the Core Tools

## Summary
